Hello and welcome back to the course and party.
In today's tutorial we're going to continue with our venture into this challenge and we're going to
do two things.
First of all we're going to just the colors of this was all zation.
So they actually represent something else or actually represent something because right now they're
quite random and then we're going to create another chord diagram and the chord diagram is going to
be for the debtors.
So if you want to pause this video and create the chord diagram for the debtors yourself just next to
it so you just create one right next to it and then come back to the video then you're welcome to do
so and that will give you an additional chance to practice creating chord diagrams.
And moreover more importantly interpreting them so try to see what insights you can derive from them
based on what we discussed in the previous tutorial.
All right so the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to adjust the colors on this.
All right.
So let's get straight to it.
The color that I want to use for this resolution is actually should be associated with this risk column.
So I want to use color to demonstrate how risky a certain country is when it's the one boring money.
So if I go to the formatting here and I go to data colors you'll notice that there is no option to set
a column to be responsible for the colors here.
There's an option here and also there's an option here.
So all we are left with is to manually set the colors and unfortunately that's what we're going to have
to do so.
But hopefully in the future I will come up with an option for this specific chart for the chord chart
for you to be able to set it.
Set the color through a call.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
It won't take very long.
We're going to use our debt crisis data set.
And so just sort the data by debter.
And that way you'll be able to see.
So you'll be able to put them together so you won't have to search for different countries separately.
So here we've got United States.
The risk is stable.
So let's go ahead and change the color here.
We'll use this gray just of the black.
All right so then we're looking at Spain medium risk.
So for medium risk we're going to use We're going to use.
I mean she's a yellow that's two two light I'm going to use that yellow then Portugal Portugal is high
risk so for higher risk we're going to inches this or enjoy here.
Next one is Japan.
Japan is stable.
So let's change that to the gray as well.
Italy is higher risk so we're going to change that to orange over here that dark top orange.
Ireland is high risk.
So it's change that as well in Germany.
So you can see we have got Greece here and we don't have it in here because they didn't actually lend
money to anybody.
Germany is stable.
So it's stable.
Then you've got France low risk.
So for low risk we're going to use a yellow but we're going to use not that yellow We're going to use
even letter yellow so that one can see there a little bit different.
And for Britain we've got stable so stable that's great.
Now you'll notice that we've got some blue away here and that is going into Greece and inflation.
We cannot change the color.
But what we're going to do is we're going to change the default color here.
Greece is high risk so we're going to set that.
And luckily we only have one color.
One country that is affected by that is Greece so in this case we're able to find this ad hoc solution.
All right so we done with the colors.
And now we can go ahead and create a second core diagram for the debtors the stand so you can just go
ahead and create a new diagram and take this time.
So here we had from creditors to debtors and values amounts here again to do the opposite.
In fact you might just go and delete this whole copy paste this and we'll take this chart and here we'll
take debtors and put them into the from creditor's into the two.
And now we just need to rename this chart.
Remember to rename it.
This is going to be debtors.
OK.
And with the colors as you can see unfortunately they've all reset to default so we're going to have
to adjust that.
I will let you do this on your own so I'm going to end this to Tauriel here.
I'll let you do this on your own.
And then while you're once you've done Also you can explore the start but we'll continue that in the
next tutorial and other curtsying next time.
Until then happy analyzing.